add developer and content designer descriptions (#37)
geeksforsocialchange/gfsc-v2: _posts/2022-12-07-hiring-developer.md

---
layout: blog
title: "Join our development team!"

> subtitle: A 24hr/week role building technology to support communities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: A development role building technology to support communities
```

> description: We’re looking for someone with prior experience working as a software developer to collaborate with our design team and community groups. Co-creating solutions to the challenges they're facing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: We’re looking for someone with prior experience working as a software developer to collaborate with our design team and community groups, co-creating solutions to the challenges they face.
```
